# DCC
An open blockchain (Distributed Credit Chain) establish business standards, reach consensus on the books, deploy business contracts, implement liquidation and settlement services, and so on, for a variety of distributed financial business.
An open blockchain (Distributed Credit Chain) establish business standards, reach consensus on the books, deploy business contracts, implement liquidation and settlement services, and so on, for a variety of distributed financial business. DCC’S VISION IS DISTRIBUTED BANKing For the next 6 months, the project team will focus on developing the credit market in Southeast Asia and look for partners to join the ecological construction with DCC. DCC currently anticipate that at least 10 additional data providers or financial institutions would release deep cooperation intentions with DCC in the next 6 months. DCC's vision is to use blockchain technology to re-standardize the financial industry, that is, the Distributed Banking. Through the blockchain technology, DCC will serve all industries in the new world of blockchain to create the underlying financial canal. DCC calls for your help to realize this visionary goal.

Introduction of R&D Progress DCC will finish the first milestone in March On March 15, 2018, dcc will release a blockchain-based loan app that has begun using DCC-based smart contracts to validate user information and store credit records. Before April 1, 2018, dcc will launch the open platform online, which includes the existing data provider information and data templates provided, the existing funding agencies and the type of data report submitted by the required users data , and a DCC network blockchain browser (anyone using this browser can view DCC network data) DCC currently sees the smooth development of contract, and will open all the code and design after completing the testing to development teams participating in DCC contract development for reference in the future. DCC now is developing a new backbone chain and building the core team with members that all have more than 10 years experience of java or involved in R&D as software architects in enterprises with profound knowledge of gossip agreement, p2p transfer protocol, k-v database, jvm/docker and other application containers.
